$Id$

Prerequisites
-------------

You need to be able to build the jk2 code which requires both APR and
PCRE. You can get a suitable Win32 build of APR from here:

  http://apr.apache.org/
  
and a Win32 version of PCRE can be found here:

  http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/pcre.htm
  
To avoid messing around with the paths in the MSVC project place the APR
and PCRE directories in the same parent directory as jakarta-tomcat-
connectors. Here's what I have

tomcat\
    apr\
    apr-iconv\
    apr-util\
    jakarta-tomcat-connectors\
    pcre\

The project also depends on the Lotus Notes C API which can be downloaded
here:

  http://www-10.lotus.com/ldd/toolkits
  
Set the environment variable NOTESAPI to the directory where you've
installed it so the MSVC project can find it.

You'll also need to have a suitable (for jk2) JVM installed and
JAVA_HOME properly set.

Once you've done all that you should be able to fire up MSVC, open the
dsapi.dsw and build it. You'll most likely want to build the
configuration 'Release Static' which will build a standalone
dsapi_redirector2.dll.

Having built the redirector refer to INSTALL-WIN32.txt for installation
instructions.

Mailing Lists
-------------

There are two mailing lists dedicated to the Domino Tomcat redirector:

domino-tomcat-l:
 http://nomen.tagish.co.uk/mailman/listinfo/domino-tomcat-l

domino-tomcat-l is a general discussion list for issues with the
redirector and also wider Tomcat/Domino integration issues such as
calling the Domino Java API from a Tomcat servlet. I expect it to be
fairly low volume so please subscribe if you're actively using the
redirector. If you have an issue with the redirector please post it to
the list where it will be seen not only by me but by other users who may
be able to help with any problems.

domino-tomcat-announce-l:
 http://nomen.tagish.co.uk/mailman/listinfo/domino-tomcat-announce-l:

domino-tomcat-announce-l is for announcements about the Domino Tomcat
redirector. Mainly this list will be used for new releases but serious
bugs will also be posted to it. This list will be very low volume; only
I can post to it. I wouldn't expect more than a few posts per month. For
this reason if you'd like to keep track of new redirector versions
please subscribe to this list. From now on this list will be the main
place to find out about new versions.
<
Please let me know if you have any problems.

Andy Armstrong, <andy@tagish.com>

