$Id$

Building the Domino Redirector
------------------------------

This release currently only builds on Windows using MSVC 6.0. As soon as
I can I'll test it on Linux and produce a Makefile and I also hope to
get it to build under CygWin.

Prerequisites
-------------

You need to be able to build the jk2 code which requires both APR and
PCRE. You can get a suitable Win32 build of APR from here:

  http://apr.apache.org/
  
and a Win32 version of PCRE can be found here:

  http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/pcre.htm
  
To avoid messing around with the paths in the MSVC project place the APR
and PCRE directories in the same parent directory as jakarta-tomcat-
connectors. Here's what I have

tomcat\
    apr\
    apr-iconv\
    apr-util\
    jakarta-tomcat-connectors\
    pcre\

By default the project also depends on the Lotus Notes C API which can
be downloaded here:

  http://www-10.lotus.com/ldd/toolkits
  
If you're using the C API set the environment variable NOTESAPI to the
directory where you've installed it. You can reconfigure the project not
to depend on the API. To do that remove references to NOTESAPI from the
compiler and linker settings and add the preprocessor directive NO_CAPI.
The only current implication of doing this is that messages from the
redirector will be displayed using printf() rather than Notes API for
displaying messages on the server console.

You'll also need to have a suitable (for jk2) JVM installed and
JAVA_HOME properly set.

Finally there's a header file which we can't currently redistribute with
the redirector although I'm trying to get IBM to clear it for release.
It's the header that describes the DSAPI interface. For now you should
get a copy of the header here:

  http://www-12.lotus.com/ldd/doc/domino_notes/5.0/readme.nsf/0/
   528b461a3cdc2a798525677400499305?OpenDocument

and save it as dsapifilter.h in the dsapi directory (join the two parts
of the above URL back together).

Once you've done all that you should be able to fire up MSVC, open the
dsapi.dsw and build it. You'll most likely want to build the
configuration 'Release Static' which will build a standalone
dsapi_redirector2.dll.

Please let me know if you have any problems.

Andy Armstrong, <andy@tagish.com>
