$Id$

Installing the Domino Redirector on Linux
-----------------------------------------

If necessary build libtomcat2.so as per the instructions in BUILD.txt.
Copy libtomcat2.so into the Domino program directory (this is the
directory, which may be called something like
/opt/lotus/notes/50120/linux, that contains a file called libnotes.so).
Next edit libtomcat2.properies to reflect the location of your Tomcat
installation and place the edited file in the domino data directory
(typically something like /opt/lotus/notesdata). libtomcat2.properties
looks like this:

  serverRoot=/usr/local/apache/tomcat
  workersFile=conf/workers2.properties
  tomcatStart=bin/startup.sh
  tomcatStop=bin/shutdown.sh
  tomcatTimeout=30000

Automatically Starting Tomcat
-----------------------------

The last three lines in libtomcat2.properties provide commands that the
redirector will use to start and stop Tomcat when the Domino http server
starts and stops respectively. If you don't require this behaviour these
three lines can be removed. Bear in mind that if you /do/ start Tomcat
from the redirector it will run with the same UID as Domino.

The Workers File
----------------

If necessary take the sample workers2.properties file from jakarta-
tomcat- connectors\jk\conf and place it in the location specified in
libtomcat2.properties (typically the conf directory of your Tomcat
installation). Edit the file to suit your Tomcat setup.

Configuring Domino
------------------

Finally we need to configure Domino to use the DSAPI extension. For those
who are unfamiliar with Domino server configuration most of a server's
configurable behavior is dictated by a document called the "server
document" in a database called the "Public Name and Address Book" or
"NAB" for short (N.B. Lotus have renamed the NAB to "Domino Directory"
from Domino 5 onwards). Each Domino server will have a NAB (called
names.nsf) and each NAB will have a number of server documents including
one for the current server. If you have not previously configured a
Domino server you may need to refer to the supplied documentation, or you
may need to pass this document to your tame Domino administrator.

Assuming you know your way around a Domino server document what we're
going to do is actually quite simple. Open the server document for this
server, place it in Edit mode, then locate the DSAPI section and the
'DSAPI filter file names' field on the Internet Protocols tab, HTTP sub-
tab. Add "tomcat2" to the DSAPI field, then save and close the document.
Not that Domino translates "tomcat2" into "libtomcat2.so".

Restart Domino
--------------

Restart the Domino HTTP server and you should see the redirector load.

Mailing Lists
-------------

There are two mailing lists dedicated to the Domino Tomcat redirector:

domino-tomcat-l:
 http://nomen.tagish.co.uk/mailman/listinfo/domino-tomcat-l

domino-tomcat-l is a general discussion list for issues with the
redirector and also wider Tomcat/Domino integration issues such as
calling the Domino Java API from a Tomcat servlet. I expect it to be
fairly low volume so please subscribe if you're actively using the
redirector. If you have an issue with the redirector please post it to
the list where it will be seen not only by me but by other users who may
be able to help with any problems.

domino-tomcat-announce-l:
 http://nomen.tagish.co.uk/mailman/listinfo/domino-tomcat-announce-l:

domino-tomcat-announce-l is for announcements about the Domino Tomcat
redirector. Mainly this list will be used for new releases but serious
bugs will also be posted to it. This list will be very low volume; only
I can post to it. I wouldn't expect more than a few posts per month. For
this reason if you'd like to keep track of new redirector versions
please subscribe to this list. From now on this list will be the main
place to find out about new versions.

Please let me know if you have any problems.

Andy Armstrong, <andy@tagish.com>
